Brian Lerner: Hey, Pranav! How's it going.
Pranav Manjunath: It's going on. Well, man, it's going on well, how are you? How's your day?
Brian Lerner: Day was good tired, you know.
Brian Lerner: Just have to think a lot about the Irb.
Brian Lerner: so just feel a little tired. But you know that's just in the life of a Phd. Student.
Pranav Manjunath: Oh, man,
Pranav Manjunath: I've I've had the worst experience ever with with the Irb process, and it's just it's a.
Brian Lerner: What happened like but like for you, like, what? What are you feeling about? It?
Pranav Manjunath: Yeah, it's just it's just such a hassle. Because here we are trying to.
Pranav Manjunath: I don't know, like, do research. But then
Pranav Manjunath: you have all of these, all of these extra problems that come in the way and cannot do what you want to do. It's sometimes so frustrating to do. Have to like
Pranav Manjunath: go through all the process, and for every project we want to work on, it's just such a pain. I know.
Brian Lerner: I know the worst, but you know
Brian Lerner: it's it's just what it's like to be a Phd student. And you know hmm!
Brian Lerner: You know I was thinking about
Brian Lerner: you know. Never actually. Hmm, yeah, I
Brian Lerner: I I think now, maybe let's talk about what? What is it like to be a Phd student. What what is it? You know? What besides doing, Irbs? What does that intend.
Pranav Manjunath: Oh, dude! Yeah, no, for sure. I think I mean, I've
Pranav Manjunath: I actually love the process. I I mean, I came straight from undergrad master's. And then, Pts, I never worked ever in my life. It was just like straight, straight school, my entire life.
Pranav Manjunath: And so it definitely needs a different mindset like. It's
Pranav Manjunath: it's not something we're like. I was just talking to a friend about this lately, and we're talking about the idea of like how
Pranav Manjunath: in the Phd. Program is so much as like
Pranav Manjunath: so much is open just out there for you to explore, usually like throughout my whole undergrad, or like in my master's. It was so like defined like, this is what you should finish at this date. Next assignment is due on this day. It's so well defined. But, like here you walk, you walk into research, and it's like, Oh, like this is cool. I don't know. How do you feel about that? I'm curious. How's your experience? Like the Phd. Process.
Brian Lerner: Do you see these bags under my eyes? I didn't have when I started.
Brian Lerner: I I you know the unknown is definitely daunting, and.
Pranav Manjunath: Brilliant.
Brian Lerner: Yeah, I I think.
Brian Lerner: figuring out what you want to study, and the vast sea of knowledge, and trying to make your one contribution and poke that a little bit further. It's intimidating, but it's also exciting, because.
Pranav Manjunath: It's.
Brian Lerner: Honestly doing things that nobody else has ever done in the history of the world. I don't know
Brian Lerner: if anybody has studied traumatic brain injury in the way that we are studying it in the history of the world. And it's pretty exciting, and we
Brian Lerner: things in.
Brian Lerner: I think if I think some people like to say, Hmm! That's too hard, or you know
Brian Lerner: you, they're not sure.
Pranav Manjunath: No, no, that's so true. That's so true, I mean.
Pranav Manjunath: And but you know, I think.
Brian Lerner: You know I don't know
Brian Lerner: where I'm going with this sentence, except trying to make it hard harder to transcribe. To be honest.
Pranav Manjunath: It's so funny, because, like, I mean, as you said, it's
Pranav Manjunath: I mean, we spoke to all these qualitative tutors, and they would, or and also these mentors and everyone that we have on the project, and
Pranav Manjunath: like they haven't seen a size of 21 students working on a project to understand Tbi care.
Pranav Manjunath: and so like.
Pranav Manjunath: Like, we're just like, Oh, this is like fussy.
Pranav Manjunath: We've we are definitely special in this case, like, it's a, it's a team where we have 21 students, highly talented, highly motivated, to help
Pranav Manjunath: in the process of helping improve Tba care, and so.
Pranav Manjunath: Just. It's just amazing the fact that, like we were in this together, it's learning every day new things and doing and being like
Pranav Manjunath: well, one of the 1st people to actually work on this as a team. I think it's pretty impressive.
Brian Lerner: Yeah, yeah, students are pretty pretty great. Yeah, yeah. And
Brian Lerner: we got a great team. And after we are done
Brian Lerner: this, Irb, and we know how to transcribe. I I think that
Brian Lerner: just really exciting what we can all accomplish in the second half of the the year. It's gonna be awesome.
Pranav Manjunath: It's gonna be. It's gonna be amazing. I agree, I agree. And how many more minutes do we have of this of this week?
Brian Lerner: I got like, I think, 5 seconds, according to my timer.
Pranav Manjunath: And 3, 2, 1.